## Unsolved Problems

### Ning

1. Are (line 1) **CUT** (line 2), **INTERSECT**, **INCLUDE**verbs?


<del>2. I paid the government taxes.
<del>- What is government? **MENTAL-OBJECT**? 
<del>- Proposal: add **ABSTRACT-OBJECT**
<del>- Should we combine **MENTAL-OBJECT** and **ABSTRACT-OBJECT**?

<del>Similarly, "the restaurant serves carrot cake today".
<del>- Restaurant

**Write Scripts**

3. How to deal with
- I send you an email
- I send an email to you

4.  word throw
 def (ptrans actor ACTOR-GAP <==(exp ’human ’before)
             object THING-GAP <==(exp ’physical-object ‘after)
             to * <==(preposition ‘(at toward towards) ’(human physical-object) ‘after)
             instr (propel actor ACTOR-GAP
                           object THING-GAP
               instr (move actor ACTOR-GAP
                            object (hand)))))

What if we want to use object2 (’(human physical-object) ’after)? Why not use another object OBJECT-GAP to store object2?

- My solution: To define a variable for (exp 'human physical-object 'after).

(word throw
 def (ptrans actor ACTOR-GAP <==(exp ’human ’before)
             object THING-GAP <==(exp ’physical-object ‘after)
             object OBJECT-GAP <==(exp 'human physical-object 'after)
             to * <==(preposition ‘(at toward towards) OBJECT-GAP ‘after)
             instr (propel actor ACTOR-GAP
                           object THING-GAP
               instr (move actor ACTOR-GAP
                            object (hand)))))

5. I remembered that + event
- Is the 'that' here a prepositional word?

6. (word open
     def (move actor ACTOR-GAP <==(exp ’(animal huamn) ’before)
               object THING-GAP <==(exp ’physical-object ’after)
               ;; from closed to open
               instr (statechange actor ACTOR-GAP
                                  object THING-GAP
                                  state (part THING-GAP))))

- The state of the object is changed. Do we need to specify it? 
- Do we need to write FROM and TO?

6. If a word has 2 STATECHANGE meanings, how can the program differentiate them?
- I put the thing that’s changed on the last line of the clause.

